Why is that?
So conspiratorial
Why did you let me go to ruin?
My life is in danger
Lamb, you are exaggerating the consequences
Your Majesty, I dare not commit crimes at present
Zhen En Ling is the first wool of Daqin
There is a premise
That the country is strong enough
The world is not stupid
Anyone can see that the Thunder Order uses stars
Being too anxious will only backfire
Engage in love
What do we do now?
Let's take a look at retirement.
The current situation is unstable
Your Majesty needs to endure Xue Fan's thoughts
Lamb, why do you think the court is unstable?
Where is it?
His Majesty wants to achieve Wang Tu's hegemony
The first thing is to kill Rong Qin
Prince Rong is the first three generations of my country
high weight
Made great achievements for Daqian
You want to kill it
Lamb, you can be killed with one heart
Heart of the Dragon Prince
Presumably His Majesty knows better than the minister
If you don't start now
It will only be difficult to move an inch in the future
I understand the Dragon Prince's thoughts better than you
The Dragon Prince is powerful
But his own martial arts are very strong
The side is regarded as heavy
Killing him is easier said than done
Think again
Your Majesty, Chen Gaoyang is not talented
I have long guessed that His Majesty is going to attack King Rong Qin
More than a hundred plans have been prepared
Assassination poisoning
murder
Frame the situation
Slander and promotion will melt my life
He ran into the army, he stepped red
sit
Tell me about it.